README.md, before:

# GIt-commitmassages
This repository contains correct ways to write commits in it
 
Having good history will commmit will help you stand out from others
it will also allow you or other delevoleprs working with you on your code to quickly see what changes were made and why, useful if bugs  appear
will be helpful if you come back to a project you were working on after stepping away from it for a while. You likely won't remember your though process
and changes made when initially writing out the code.


good commit message describe what problem your changes solve and how it solves them

commits have subject and body, the subject has 72-characters limit so keep it short and simple
for example 
Subject: This is the change i made to the codebase. (a brief summary of the change you made to the project)
Body: Describe the problem your commit solves and how.

The primary thing is to let other developers and you gain a better understanding of your commits messages because it does the follwing:
- Provides a subject that specifies your code's action (e.g., "Add missing link and alt text to the company's logo")
- COntains a body that provides a concise yet clear description of why the commit needed to be made (e.g "screen readers won't read the images to users with disabilities without this information")
- Separates the subject from the body with a new/blank line. this best proctice I highly reccommend following. IT makes commit messages easier for other developers to read


When you should commit
The correct way to view a commmit is like a snapshot of your code at the moment that it was made. That version of your code up to that point will be saved for you to revert back to or look back at.

It is a good practice to commit everytime you've made a meaningful change in the code. This will create a timeline of your progress and show that your finished code didn't appear out of nowhere.

For example there certainly will be time when you are working on your project and you FINALLY get something just right, and this would be a good time to commit, and when something breakes you'd be able to go back through your commit history and either revert your code back to the last commit you made when you first got that part working or go back and see what code looked like at that point in time.

Commit message:

Added more rules
Adedd a set of simples rules of commiting, and also pasted a link to a full article about it if there will be anymore questions

README.md, after:

# GIt-commitmassages
This repository contains correct ways to write commits in it
 
Having good history will commmit will help you stand out from others
it will also allow you or other delevoleprs working with you on your code to quickly see what changes were made and why, useful if bugs  appear
will be helpful if you come back to a project you were working on after stepping away from it for a while. You likely won't remember your though process
and changes made when initially writing out the code.


good commit message describe what problem your changes solve and how it solves them

commits have subject and body, the subject has 72-characters limit so keep it short and simple
for example 
Subject: This is the change i made to the codebase. (a brief summary of the change you made to the project)
Body: Describe the problem your commit solves and how.

The primary thing is to let other developers and you gain a better understanding of your commits messages because it does the follwing:
- Provides a subject that specifies your code's action (e.g., "Add missing link and alt text to the company's logo")
- COntains a body that provides a concise yet clear description of why the commit needed to be made (e.g "screen readers won't read the images to users with disabilities without this information")
- Separates the subject from the body with a new/blank line. this best proctice I highly reccommend following. IT makes commit messages easier for other developers to read


When you should commit
The correct way to view a commmit is like a snapshot of your code at the moment that it was made. That version of your code up to that point will be saved for you to revert back to or look back at.

It is a good practice to commit everytime you've made a meaningful change in the code. This will create a timeline of your progress and show that your finished code didn't appear out of nowhere.

For example there certainly will be time when you are working on your project and you FINALLY get something just right, and this would be a good time to commit, and when something breakes you'd be able to go back through your commit history and either revert your code back to the last commit you made when you first got that part working or go back and see what code looked like at that point in time

The seven rules of great Git commit message:
1. Separate subject from body with a blank line
2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters
3. Capitalize the subject line
4. Do not end the subject line with a period
5. Use the imperative mood in the subject line
6. Wrap the bodyt at 72 characters
7. Use the body to exlpain what and why vs. how

https://cbea.ms/git-commit/#intro
